# CityPulse
A website inspired by Uber Design

This wasn't coming out like i wanted to so i kind of gave up on it. the problem is the lines are more spread out. i was trying to make the lines be random points but to spread them out it will be more complicated. i was thinking to spread out more the lines was to make the length of the edges smaller (limit the width) and then that would remove the long lines. then to spread it out i was trying to increase the probability for the direction that it first takes so it would travel more straight rather then going back. for example if the first direction is up then the probability of it going down is lower. the problem now is to spread it out. to spread it out the lines have to be long but not to long and not to short. ummm.... another way i had in mind was to divide the rectangle box in quadrants and each quadrants should have a random amount of points with there being a minimum. so it won't look empty. then the lines should try to cross at least one quadrants once. and then like the points, also limit the amount of lines that can be in each quadrants but also have a minimum amount so they won't look empty or crowded.
and finally i was going to add animation to the lines but that would require me to change the box into a canvas so it is easier to handle the drawing and animation but the logic would be similar or same.

keep in mind the js is messy. a lot of the code can be reduced. for example the for loops in drawLines can be integrated better in makeLinePoints so there won't be a lot of for loops thus reducing the time.
